---
title: identity map
layout: post
author: benjamin.jackson
permalink: /identity-map./
source-id: 1rTFbpgXtq2RnYTpuDOzc_I6N4oKgAKfUOu8LfV4cOYw
published: true
---
creating the identity map was a great experiance for me because, as i thought about it more and more, i found things out that i wouldn't think of the top of my head.Sharing my identity map with the rest of the class was a bit scary because i had no idea what they would think of it.But it worked out ok because there was some comments that could have been better but it was mostly good. It felt really important to comment on other people’s identity map because it would make them improve on their map to get a better grade. I think that this process was a very good way because it got us commenting on other people’s work that we wouldn’t normally do. also it made me find out facts about my friends that I didn’t know.well, it made me feel happy because most of the comments were posative, some suprised me but i felt happy. this process is different from commenting something online because i can trust that everyone in my class is nice and most of the time will not say anything bad about me but on the web most of the people will not be nice and say mean things about me. My identity map created a sense of what i should post in the future because the commenting process helped me think that anyone in my class could have said anything bad but didn’t. this shows that anyone could say anything about you, bad or good. this has made me want to change 1 or 2 changes on the  media because people can comment bad things about you. these last six lessons have changed how i feel about social media mammothly. I thought that most people were nice and wouldn’t comment anything bad but i was wrong some people have taken social media to seriously that they have harmed themselves over social media. I have also learnt that if you make one rude comment that you thought was funny it could spread over the internet in a blink of an eye. E.G a woman was going to africa and posted 'going to africa, lucky i won’t get malaria because i’m white’. this woman didn’t have any wifi because she was in africa but when she did she got loads of comments on about how racist she was. She was kicked out of hotels and nobody liked her. Sir has changed my future on social media because i thought that i could go on to Facebook thinking that nobody would have said anything bad or that only people that only people that i know can comment on my social media images or messages. 

