---
title: lesson 2
layout: post
author: benjamin.jackson
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1EoC54H8vcI6aPn8kBjevyTYek3p5k-3Fu7vsc3w23U0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning to never give up and always try before you stop.

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I didn't use the table that was given to us and my background doesn’t fit with the colour of the text that I use on my blog.

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website


</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, i have reached my target because i have changed the background of my blog so that it suits the colour of the text and i have also changed the text colour.


</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
    <td>We watched a video of a japanese school boy who had to vult a tall box in front of his class. He missed and missed but tried and tried and finally he got it. I felt that this video was really inspirational as he didn't give up or he didn't even hesitate or think about stopping. I thought that this video was very effective to my learning as i haven't forgotten it.

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
    <td>I think what limited my learning was how i was sitting in a position in which was hard to see the board and i had to lean over to see.



</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
    <td>I think i didn't answer any of the questions that my teacher asked so next week i will put my hand up more and i will ask questions that i can't answer myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


